Prerequisites
=============

TopoID was developed almost completely under Mathematica 8.  Some
functions not yet available in earlier versions are used.  Thus,
Mathematica 8 and above are recommended.  It has also been tested under
versions 9 and 10.

Apart from Mathematica, QGRAF to generate the input for TopoID and FORM
to process the output, no other dependencies exits.  For the output of
QGRAF to be suitable for TopoID, it should be generated with one the
style files provided in "etc/" of this distribution.  One variant of the
routine LookUp[] uses KLink as included in FIRE/FIESTA.

For the mentioned software, see:
  - Mathematica   http://www.wolfram.com/mathematica/
  - QGRAF         http://cfif.ist.utl.pt/~paulo/qgraf.html
  - FORM          http://www.nikhef.nl/~form/
  - KLink         https://bitbucket.org/feynmanIntegrals/


Installation
============

TopoID should to be loaded like any proper Mathematica Package which is
done via

  << TopoID`;

or

  Needs["TopoID`"];

Otherwise it can happen that not all components are loaded correctly.

When Mathematica is instructed to load a package, it searches the pathes
listed in $Path and the current Directory[] for files or directories
matching the package name (e.g. "TopoID.m" or "TopoID/").  If a file is
found, it is just loaded.  If a directory is found, it should contain a
file named "init.m" which is loaded subsequently.

TopoID makes use of the latter mechanism (but loading directly
"<path_to_parent_directory_of_TopoID>/TopoID/init.m" works too).
Therefore, in order to use the package it is recommended to place the
directory "TopoID/" of this distribution (or a symbolic link) in a
folder that is listed under $Path (e.g. "~/.Mathematica/Applications/")
or in a dedicated folder which is then added to $Path.  This can be
achieved with

  AppendTo[$Path, "<path_to_parent_directory_of_TopoID>"];

Note that this line of code can be used either in each Mathematica
session where TopoID is loaded or in a global "init.m" file
(e.g. "~/.Mathematica/Kernel/init.m").
